---
title: FabricEval exports
permalink: /docs/exports/
---

At the end of a FabricEval run, we would find a new folder generated under the
top level project folder. The folder name is set to `FLAG.GR_ALGO`. So if we
are evaluating *IGR*, the folder will be called `igr/`.

In the generated folder, there will be a few files:
* `topo.textproto`: protobuf file of the network topology generated by `topogen`.
If FabricEval is set to load a pre-generated topology, there will be no `topo.textproto`
generated.
* `TM.textproto`: protobuf file of the traffic demands generated by `tmgen`.
If FabricEval is set to load a pre-generated demand matrix, there will be no `TM.textproto`
generated.
* `te_sol.textproto`: protobuf file of the TE solution generated by `GlobalTE`.
If FabricEval is set to load a pre-generated TE solution, there will be no `te_sol.textproto`
generated.
* `LU.csv`: csv file containing a dump of all links' utilization, both ideal and actual.
* `node_demand.csv`: csv file containing a dump of the admitted and total demand
on each switch.
* `node_ecmp.csv`: csv file containing a dump of the number of groups and switch
table utilization on each switch.
* `path_diversity.csv`: csv file containing a dump of the number of unique paths/ports
in each group before and after group reduction (if pruned), as well as the traffic
volume impacted due to pruning.
* `reduced_groups.csv`: csv file containing a dump of all reduced groups on all
switches.

All the essential information about the network utilization is stored along with
the `Topology` class in `topology/topology.py`. Users can expose more information
and export it to files by modifying the class.
